Move task actions to the right place (#45)
NativeScript/playground-tutorials: getting-started-vue/05.md

### Step 12. Show completed tasks

> Create a similar list for the completed tasks

Reviewer: Can you change this sentence up to add a bit more of a description of this step? Something like...

In this step you’ll create a similar list for your app’s Completed tab.

Reviewer: Or we can just make that wording change when we land this @vtrifonov.

> Create a similar list for the completed tasks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this step you’ll create a similar list for your app’s Completed tab.
```

Reviewer 2: @StephanEggermont can you commit the suggestion :)

Author: Yes, will do
